[DOCS 5545] adding currentBuild video (#5147)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/pipeline/getting-started.adoc

`$\{YOUR_JENKINS_URL}/pipeline-syntax/globals`
for a complete, and up to date, list of properties available on `currentBuild`.

> This video reviews the usage of the `currentBuild` variable in Jenkins Pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This video reviews using the `currentBuild` variable in Jenkins Pipeline.
```

Author: absolutely makes sense for active voicing, thanks so much!
